3️⃣ Activity: Checking phishing emails

1. What is the actual IP of the sender?
   The originating client is 62.60.131.1  .

2. Does the sender domain match the “From” address?
    Yes, the both sender domainan  "From" address are hamko.com, However, the Reply-To is a completely different domain "emaln.eu" and I checked domain name which showing directory listing.

3. What country does the message roughly originate from?
   The source IP 62.60.131.1 repoerted the location  United Kingdom by IP location Finder.

4. Are there any signs of redirection through multiple servers in the header?
  The hop list clearly shows multiple IP and In email header showing 3 IP redirection

5. Are there SPF/DKIM/DMARC errors?
   SPF error NameSPF Multiple Records
   DKIM signature 


4️⃣ Reflection and analysis

1. How quickly do you notice the suspiciousness of a phishing message?
   It is suspicious for reasons such as
    1) The Subject "VERY URGENT" is a classic urgency indicator and  create time pressure.
    2) In email seder mail showing hamko.com, however when i checked homko.com it showing directory listing and orginal site is hamko.com.bd .
    3) The Reply-To differ from the "From" address hamko.com and emailn.eu.
    4) Google dorking confirms the sender address has a malicious and email shown in one site which has been blocked.
    5) The content is an advance fee style message such as request for assistance in distribution funds, large donation and unsolicited contacts.

2. Would you recognize this message as dangerous without the header?
   Yes, even without headers, this message shows multiple social engineering red flags such as an exaggerated urgent subject, a donation message.The message  message would be considered dangerous even before examining technical metadata.

3. What advice would you give to someone who is new to email regarding the dangers lurking in terms of social engineering?
   I will suggest them, before opening any attchment or contacting them,  read carefully email header, message, check email header analysis, if not sure, ask your trusted friend or family, and Attacker often send messages that look urgent, emotional, or too good to be true for example charity, account problem  require action. Before clicking any link,
        1) Check whether they recognize the sender and whether the sender address and reply-to domain look legitimate.
        2) Read the content carefully for signs of manipulation, such as "Very Urgent", request for money or personal data . Be cautious.
        3) When something feels suspicious, verify the message through an independent channel instead of replying directly.Less experienced users should be encouraged to ask a trusted persons or IT support for help and check header and URL checks . 
    